HOME
    -Profile of the founder

    -Founder's Philosophy
                  -Gardo, Jaron-To give the student to have a better future.
                  -Ulanday,Arnie-Give the student more knowledge to be able to have a good and better career.
	          -Mendoza,Mike- Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to  change the world.
	          -Reyes,Carlo- Studying in School is not only learning but also it is your path to achieve your dreams.

About
                   -Bangad University is one of the most knowed school in tertiary education in the mountain highlands of the NCR region.Despite a pessimistic outlook and the bleak prospects pervading the climate of any undertaking at that time, Gardon Jaron, Ulanday Arnie,Mendoza Mike,Reyes Carlo
                    envisioned Quezon City as a university town. With such vision, he undauntedly pursued a noble mission by founding a college.Through the years, the Bangad University is has grown bigger through the offering of additional courses and increasing student enrollment. It continues to grow even better with time, as evidenced by exemplary performance in various fields of discipline, with its graduates shining in national licensure examinations,
                    and its alumni doing well in private employment, in the practice of their trade and profession, and in public service.

Contact Us:
       -Bangad University
        City Philippines 2600
        Email Address: email@ub.edu.ph

        Contact Numbers:
        Main Campus 
       (Private Exchange connecting all depts.) - (074) 442-3316
        Or call - (074) 442-8220+loc no.
        Fax No - (074) 442-6268

     BU News-
        BU Senior High studes bag awards in Nat'l Science Quest
      February 18, 2018
        Representing the National Capital Region, Senior High School (SHS) students from the University of the NCR won various awards in the 15th National Science Quest.
        BU Blackmamba reap 32 medals for Baguio in 2018 CARAA Meet
        BU feted in Kafagway Sports Awards
      February 12, 2018
        Five athletes from the Bangad University who successfully represented the Philippines in various international sports events were recognized in this year's Kafagway International Sports Luminary Awards (KISLA)
         by the National Correspondents Club of Baguio.
     BU Events-
        The Amazing Race - MJE Edition
               November 26, 2017
        A Seminar on Depression Awareness
               November 25, 2017 
        Mr. & Ms. UC 2017 - Talent Show
               October 21, 2017

Administration
        Board of Trustees
            Gardon Jaron-Chairman
            Reyes,Carlo-Vice Chairman
	    Mendoza Mike-Secretary
            Ulanday Arnie-Ex Officio Member
Students-
        Admission and Enrolment
        Student Service 
        Student Affairs
        Student Organizations
        Rules and Regulations
Courses
        College of Law
        College of Arts and Sciences
        College of Accountacy
        College of Business Administraion
        College of Criminal Justice Education
        College of Engineering and Architecture
        College of Hospitality and Tourism Management
        College of Information Technology and Computer Science 
        College of Nursing
        College of Teacher Education
